what's up guys slept be wet bloated
doing some dying light you know what's
funny one of the guys my subscribers
whenever I've mentioned that you know I
never did do a 2560 x 1440 with huge the
GTX Titan X and two-way SLI so let's
just do that ok 2560 x 1440 everything
is maxed out across the board so this is
how you're going to get at that
resolution and we are going to continue
I don't know where I am in the game I
haven't played it no problem probably
the same spots I read Evelyn's
alright guys I'm in here this is 2560 x
1440 and we are in the daytime I can
have to fix some of my weapons but i
want to show you guys I was got a
request not doing this so let's go check
it out and have some fun and see how
this one should run really good
all right how do I fix this our got a
son rusty on the game and played it in a
while
now how to fix this crap
looks good that man i miss this game
actually I gotta be honest we it's been
a while I've played it in a while how's
that biatch hahaha dead yet coming out
of the woodland kicked my ass
I can these guys just you know this is
up with the original drivers though we
have not got an update so there's a
couple things we can say about the
original drivers is she dead anomaly
give me something that works Jesus how
the hell i give it this Ruthie they're
all coming down Fisher be a nice
handicapper up in the wall against the
wall it again
more bitches but anyway it's flowing
good what I want to say is that there's
awesome stability with the debut drivers
what you say I really besides the EVGA
part that I had that was the issue I
have nothing all games rocks really good
really fluent and I'm happy about that
acute local woman's it better be because
some of the games ESL is exactly stick
along you know so we're just looking for
some more out of it I hope you get to
that that's a weird looking for
what's up my friend XS sound how you
doing nice try don't want to get nice
and close super close up don't have
anything that works nah oh my stop is
broken
well at least we got some guys yeah
metal pots another one yeah I'll get off
me stay down and tied bitches surgeon
while he can but again 2560 x 1440 was
really good sometimes for having a
problem I'm assuming because uh I don't
know you she gets some pretty really
good frame rates you know you staying in
the 130s it looks like 140 is up to 160
s which is good that's what you're
looking for sure this wouldn't amount of
money on its cause take that biatch can
talk about what rock crawl out from
hello beat these guys that I don't know
if I don't know if they patch the game
since i played it's been a while if I
played it so I'm assuming they might
have because it's floating really nice
watch that I'm gonna go get some repair
weapons this game it no weapons that
work now they're all common now they're
pretty close to me but anyway that's
2560 x 1440 with again the debut drivers
and sli good usage I mean 90 91 / 7 is
not a fit chick a stick out so I'm
pretty happy with that and I'm going to
cut out of the video now guys